hello and welcome back to learn English
with
Minecraft this is the series where I
teach English while trying to beat
Minecraft my name is Kenzo and this is
English from the ground up and I have
something new to show you it's down this
path
let's go down the path and this
way look at this let's go down the
staircase
taada so this is where I'm going to
build a brewing stand I'm going to put
the brewing stand right here and I'll
also build a cauldron and place it
here over here I'm going to plant some
Nether
wart and over here this is a little
aquarium so I want to find some fish to
put inside this
aquarium here I can get water to put in
the
cauldron and I also want to place
flowers in flower pots all around this
area here here here all
around so that is what I want to do in
this
video I'm going to start by planting the
Nether wart so you can't plant Nether
wart on dirt no you need to plant the
Nether wart on Soul
Sand so let's see if I have any Soul
Sand up in my chest room let's go up the
stairs up open the doors close the doors
and look inside my
chests any Soul
Sand No Soul
Sand okay I don't have any Soul Sand so
I need to go back to the
nether let's head to the
portal
portal here we
go back to the nether to look for some
Soul
Sand I'll search this
way
uhoh oh jeez
oh
come
here come
here got him it's the guest here I'll
pick it up any Soul Sand down
there no nope I don't see any okay let's
go back up to the nether
fortress and let's go to the
left I I think I remember seeing some
Soul Sand this
way
uhoh oh the blaze disappeared Soul
Sand whoa oh
whoa a fireball flew past me H maybe I
need to go
lower is there any Soul Sand down there
uh
no I think that is
gravel I don't see any Soul Sand Soul
Sand is there any Soul Sand down
there oh okay I think that is Soul
Sand okay so I need to go down
there yeah that is Soul Sand all right
down we go down the
stairs run run run run run run down down
down
aha there's the Soul
Sand down
down wow there's lava
and fire all around
me okay down down
down I'm
safe jump
jump here we
are all right Soul
Sand I walk really
slow on top of Soul
Sand I'm really slow
all right well I'm going to start
collecting some of this Soul
[Applause]
Sand
okay look at those
creatures these creatures are called
Striders this user taught me that these
creatures are called striders
mhm and the Striders can walk around in
lava all right time to go back up up up
up run run run run
uhoh
go
run I'm running jump jump
jump okay I'm almost back to my
portal and here we are my portal jump
and let's go through the
portal go away go away go away all right
I'm safe water
time and it's
raining it's raining let's go back down
the
staircase so here I'm going to place the
Soul
Sand here we
go all right I placed all the Soul Sand
so now I'll go back up to my chest room
and pick up the Nether
wart Nether
wart okay and I'm also going to build
some
stairs
okay back to the Brewing
room oh I need to eat let's see baked
potatoes
eat all right and here I'll plant the
Nether wart 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12
13 14 15 so here I have 15 Nether wart
growing
and here I'll place the
stairs
stairs there we go now I have a real
staircase the next thing that I'm going
to do is build a brewing stand so I need
to know how you build a brewing
stands b r e w i n g Brewing
stand so I need three stone and one
Blaze Rod
cool one blaze
rod
and one two three
Stone Brewing
Stand all right and I'm also going to
build a cauldron to put water in and to
build build a cauldron I will need some
iron let's pick up some
iron like
this
cauldron cool I'm going to place the
brewing stand right here Brewing stands
and The Cauldron right here wow look
this Nether wart is already
growing the Nether wart grows really
fast
okay back up I'm going to pick up some
buckets buckets bucket okay I'm going to
place this water in The
Cauldron there we go now there's water
in the
cauldron and now I'm going to use these
one two three three buckets to go pick
up some fish dive
fish come here
fish
ah come
on come on there we go
one
two one more uh here we
go
and three all right back to the Brewing
room okay
oh so I'm going to quickly let out these
fish and then I'll cover up this hole
with
glass here we
go one 2 3 and there we
[Music]
go cool now I'll break this Soul Sand
with my
shovel
awesome it's a little
aquarium and when I use all of the water
in this
cauldron like that I can scoop up more
water from right
here and refill The
Cauldron
cool wow this Nether wart has already
fully
grown so the next thing that I want to
do is build a bunch of dots and place
them on all these Ledges here here
here all right the Sun is going down so
it's time to
sleep okay so in order to build pots
first I will need some clay and Clay can
be found
underwater so I'm going to search for
some clay underwater jump
any
clay aha here's some
clay clay more clay here any more
clay aha here's some clay
clay all right I'll go back up more
clay and I'll pick up all of this
clay
cool oh hey look it's my boat I'll get
in my
boat and I'll sail back home all right
so now that I have these clay balls I
need to turn these clay balls into clay
Bricks by cooking them in a
furnace so let's do that
clay clay so now the clay is cooking in
this furnace and in this
furnace okay nine
Bricks now
P pot there are two different kinds of
pots the first one is a flower pot this
pot
requires one two three bricks to
make this one is a decorated pot this
pot
requires 1 2 3 four bricks to
make um let's make flower pots
first there we go I'm going to place
these flower pots on all of these
Ledges like this this
like come on like this there we
go now let's go pick some
flowers um I like this red
flower I like this
flower I like this blue
flower there we
go now let's go plant these flowers in
the flower pots like
this
um like this
and
like
this
cool let's go back up and build some
more
pots whoa there's a bee inside my
house and it's spinning around in
circles
okay let's see 14 more bricks and 21
more bricks so now I have 35 more bricks
so I'll build a bunch more
pots
p 1 2 3 4 five six more flower pots and
let's build one two 3 four decorated
decorated pots decorated pots okay let's
try placing one of these decorated pots
here
whoa
that's a little bit too
big H I'm going to remove this
pot okay I'll only place the flower pots
in here I'll place the decorated pots
somewhere
else I wonder if I can put Nether wart
in a flower
pot no it doesn't work I like this
flower here's a yellow
flower oh my machine
activated o maybe I can put a sapling a
sapling in one of my flower
pots um I'll throw away this gunpowder
okay
flower let's see let's try placing this
Cherry sapling in a flower
pot it
works all
right there we go I'm going to need to
find more plants to put in my flower
pots I want them all to be different the
Sun is going down again
let's
see
sapling maybe I'll try Crimson
Roots I'm going to sleep I need some
more bamboo so I'm going to head over to
my farm and see how much is in the
chest right there that chest jump
all right how much bamboo do you think
is
inside let's
see lots of
bamboo oh but my inventory is full what
am I
doing I'm going to try placing this
Crimson fungus and a flower pot it
works
cool um this
sapling there we
go what else Crimson Roots
maybe let's try it it
works all
right so right here I need one more
flower pot and one more plant okay now
I'll pick up some bamboo
Bamboo cool
uh-oh let's build
one more flower
pot
and I'll try placing bamboo in the
flower pot right there and bamboo it
worked all right now all of the flower
pots are full I'm going to build some
chests one two I'll pick up some
lanterns I'm going to build a crafting
table crafting
table um and I'll place it
here there we go so now the brewing
stand is on top of a crafting table okay
I'll place this slab here
and hanging from this block I'll place a
lantern there we go
cool where should I put these
chests H maybe I'll go like
this one two three four five
six I'll mine these
blocks and I'll replace them with
wood okay like that and now I'll place
the chests in
here
I'll build one
more
okay so in this chest I'll Place potions
and in this chest I'll place the
ingredients um like Nether wart I'm
going to get some
wood I'm going to break all of these
blocks around the entrance
okay and replace them with
wood and I'll remove all of the bark
like
this and I'll go to sleep because it's
dark morning all right back down I'm
going to place a sign hanging from this
block br Brewing
room all right it's the Brewing
room and I'll Place some
torches on both sides I'll replace these
walls with
wood
wood I need to build some stairs
s a i r
s
stairs
and one two
three and one two three there we go it's
finished cool this chest is going to
have the potions so I'll write
potions potions
and this side this chest is going to
have the
ingredients
ingredients going to replace this stone
with
Netherrack
Netherrack there we go it's almost
finished there's just one last thing
that I want to
do aaot
glowberries
so the reason why the roof is dirt is
because I can plant glowberries from the
ceiling like
that three four
five uh
six
cool now there are glowberries
hanging from the
ceiling awesome and now my Brewing room
is pretty much
finished thank you so much for watching
this video if you liked it you could
click the like button or subscribe to my
channel and as always I will see you
again in the next video see
you
TI